(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Lion Guard,
keep digging!
Faster!
THURSTON:
Panic and run!
Kion!
The Zebras
are stampeding!
We'll get to them.
Right now we've
gotta stop this fire
before it spreads
through the Pride Lands!
Reposition!
Surround the flames,
but stay back!
Beshte, we'll need
a new trench.
You got it, Kion.
(GRUNTING)
Kion! The fire's
at the trench!
Beshte, get out of there!
(FIRE ROARS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(FIRE SIZZLES OUT)
Phew! That was close.
(SIGHS) Good work, everyone.
Ono? How bad's the damage?
I'll see what I can see.
Not bad, Kion. It looks like
the zebras still have
plenty of grass left to eat.
The zebras! Ono!
ONO: Hapana.
They're still stampeding!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
RAFIKI: Now, Makini...
One of the Royal Mjuzi's
duties is to paint...
The history
of the Pride Lands!
I know!
And I really want to do
a good job!
But I've never painted
anything before.
I'm not sure how...
If you knew how,
you would not need
to learn.
Observe!
Right, yes, okay.
But what do I...
Shh.
Yes.
Ooh! You're listening to
the Lions of the Past,
aren't you?
What are they
saying Rafiki? Huh?
What are they...
Oh... Shwari.
Be calm.
Yes. The Lions of the Past
tell me what the painting
needs to be!
And now I know.
(CHUCKLES)
(HUMMING)
How did you do that?
You make it look so easy!
(LAUGHS) It is easy!
After it is hard.
Okay...
Hmm.
(LOUD THUD)
Whoa!
CHAMA: We made it!
MHAZA: It's perfect!
I'm not exactly sure
that's what the painting
needed to be.
Most likely it is not.
It seems we have visitors.
Hmm.
FURAHA: (WHOOPING) Three
wild guys like us can
really be at home here!
Indeed. My horns
love this tree!
(WHOOPING, LAUGHS)
Who is living
the good life now, huh?
I am. I am!
(LAUGHS)
Oh, yes. That is funny
because you are tapping me
and yet when I turn around
no one is there!
(LAUGHING)
Who are you three?
So young and full of life.
Name's Chama,
this is Mzaha and Furaha.
ALL: Chama cha Mzaha
na Furaha! Umph!
(LAUGHING)
And good news
for you, my friend.
We fun guys
are living here now!
(LAUGHS)
Living the dream,
I'd say.
(LAUGHTER)
Live here? Ha!
You cannot live here.
I need quiet
to train my apprentice.
MAKINI: They won't bother me.
They seem nice.
Makini?
Hey, yeah! We are nice!
Nice and un!
Just like you Rafiki!
We see you
around the Pride Lands
talking with King Simba...
(IMITATES RAFIKI)
Ha ha! I am wise,
and yet I have good time!
Indeed! And that's
why we want to be
your neighbors!
Come on, Rafiki.
It might be fun.
Please. Please. Please?
Eh... Very well.
Yay!
(ALL CHEERING)
As long as you are quiet!
(STOPS CHEERING)
Makini must focus
on her training.
She is painting for
the Royal Family tonight
I am?
You must be ready.
Ha! You won't even
know we're here.
Good. Come, Makini.
(CHAMA BURPS LOUDLY)
(CHUCKLES) Sorry,
won't happen again,
(LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHING)
Zebras, the fire's out!
BUNGA: Yeah!
You can stop running!
(NEIGHS) Whoa!
Can you tell me what you saw
when the fire started?
Well, I saw the grass...
Because you were grazing?
Why, yes.
Then I saw a big flash
of bright light!
Wait. I actually know
what he's talking about.
Lightning must have
started the fire!
Lightning? But there
was no rain.
That's because
it's dry lightning.
It doesn't bring rain.
Quite common in
the dry season, really.
Well there's nothing
to worry about now.
You can all go back
to grazing.
Fabulous.
Uh, your grazing grounds
are this way.
Oh. Right.
Ono? Better
show them home.
Affirmative.
After me, zebras!
You heard the bird.
After him.
Zebras.
RAFIKI: Ah, yes.
Much better!
KION: Rafiki.
I thought you were
training Makini for
the painting ceremony tonight.
Makini is training.
I am taking a break
from the noise.
What noise?
The noise that is
a young elephant,
monkey and antelope.
They are now
living next to my tree!
Next to your tree?
Why aren't they
with their herds?
Excellent question,
young hippo.
And one I could not ask.
They do not stop talking.
Except for when Makini talks!
We'd better find out
why they're not
with their herds.
Yes! And perhaps you
and the Lion Guard can take
them somewhere else.
(CHANTING) Bug! Bug! Bug!
And Furaha beats
his bug eating record!
(CHEERING)
Bug eating record?
Wait till you see
how many I can eat.
I think I understand
your problem.
(SCOFFS) Yeah.
You have three Bungas.
Well, four now.
Makini?
Is this practicing?
I was just taking
a little break.
For inspiration!
But now that
that's over I can really,
really focus on painting!
Hey Chama.
Mzaha. Furaha.
Why aren't you guys
with your herds?
Uh... Short story, Beshte.
They kicked us out.
You know how it goes.
Kicked out?
By your own herds?
Why?
Beats... (BURPS) Me.
(BURPING) Do not know.
(BURPS) Nope.
(SLURPS) Oh! Oh!
I can burp too!
(BURPS)
Ugh. Seriously?
I'm sure it's some kinda
misunderstanding.
Your herds are
probably worried about you.
We can take you back
to your families.
If that's what you want.
Yes, yes.
Back to their families.
Being with your herd
is part of your role
in the Circle of Life!
Circle of Life?
Whoa! In that case,
we better go back!
You said it.
Indeed.
But, uh, guess that means
we three gotta
say good-bye, huh?
But without you
two fun guys
I will just be one fun guy...
Kion, the zebras
are all home safe!
Good work, Ono.
Now I'll need you
and Beshte to take Furaha
back to his troop.
Affirmative,
You got it, Kion.
Bunga, we'll take Chama
back to Ma Tembo's herd.
Fuli, you've got Mzaha.
Okay, you three. Come on.
Let's take you back home.
ALL: (SADLY) Chama cha Mzaha
na Furaha... Umph.
(LAUGHING WEAKLY)
Okay, then.
See ya around, pals.
I bet your troop is gonna be
happy to see you, Furaha.
Happier than when
they saw me leave?
Hey, Furaha! I see your
troop in those trees!
(WHOOPING) Ready or not,
here comes fun!
(WHOOPING)
Tumbili! Tumbili!
(GROANS) Furaha.
You were thinking, "When is
that fun guy coming back?"
Well, here I am!
Cousins! Who here
missed Furaha?
Hey, Tumbili.
Can you believe Furaha was
living at Rafiki's Tree?
He thought he had
been kicked out of the troop!
Well, uh...
You see, Beshte.
It is the Monkey way
to, uh...
I knew you'd welcome him back!
(SIGHS) Yes. Thank you
for bringing Furaha home.
Enjoy your family.
Bye, Furaha!
(LAUGHING)
Who is having fun now?
(MONKEY YELPS)
MONKEY: Stop it, Furaha!
BUPU: I don't care what
the Lion Guard wants us to do.
We aren't taking
Mzaha back.
But he's one of your kind.
And he was sent away
for good reason.
Okay, look. I understand
Mzaha might be a little...
(LAUGHING)
...different. But shouldn't he
be with his family?
(MZAHA LAUGHING)
(SIGHS) Take him back, Bupu.
Don't feel like it.
Please?
Ah, yes. Very well.
It never hurts
to be polite!
(MZAHA LAUGHING)
Mzaha, you are back
with the herd!
Oh, goodie,
I'm back! I'm back!
Great! Thanks, Bupu!
Who wants to play tag?
You? Or you?
(GRUNTS)
I know you do!
(SIGHS)
I know how important
family is to you elephants,
Ma Tembo.
That's true, Kion.
But Chama was a disruption
to the herd.
(TRUMPETS)
That was
un-bunga-lieveable!
Let's do it again!
KION: Bunga!
Yeah, quit it, Bunga.
(CHUCKLES)
Maybe just give Chama
one more chance?
(SIGHS)
Only because it's you
who are asking it.
Chama, you are welcome
to return if you promise to
behave as part of the herd.
But this is your last chance.
(NASALLY) Ma Tembo,
you have my word.
Great. See ya, Chama.
Yep! See ya,
wouldn't wanta be...
(BURPS) ya.
(TRUMPETS, LAUGHS)
Uh, maybe
one more chance?
(LAUGHS)
FULI: Well, Mzaha is
back with the antelopes.
And Furaha's home
with his troops.
Good. Ma Tembo took
Chama back too.
I bet they're all happy
to be with their
families again.
Yeah. I'll miss
'em though.
Not everyone in
the Pride Lands can burp
their name. It's a talent.
Heyvi kabisa...
Is that what
I think it is?
Dry lightning!
And it's heading this way!
Lion Guard,
we've gotta make sure
nobody's near where
that lightning's gonna hit.
We should check
the watering hole first.
It's not safe to be near water
in a lightning storm!
Great idea, Ono.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(LAUGHING)
Where is the monkey?
Where did he go?
Quit it, Furaha.
Yeah.
We don't wanna
play your games.
(SIGHS) You are not fun guys.
But I know two who are!
I must be with
my own kind. Bye!
His own kind?
(MZAHA LAUGHING)
I'm gonna tag you!
BUPU: Mzaha!
Enough! You're disturbing
everyone's grazing!
But, Bupu, I'm just...
Mzaha...
Please. Antelopes are
not...silly creatures!
No matter. I know
some silly creatures!
Just like me!
(SCOFFS) Silly creature.
FURAHA: (CHUCKLES) I guess
we fun guys are not meant
to live with our herds!
I don't understand
their problem.
I really like us!
(WHOOPING)
Chama!
Furaha! Mzaha!
You left too, Chama?
Yeah. My herd cannot
take a joke, and boy have
I tried. I mean, sheesh!
We three fun guys need to
stick together from now on.
Indeed!
ALL: Chama cha Mzaha
na Furaha! Umph!
(LAUGHING)
♪ We're all together
all for one
♪ You know we'll always
have some fun
♪ Tricks and laughs
are never ending
♪ Get along
There's no pretending
♪ Between us three,
we understand
♪ Just having fun
is always the plan
♪ Here are the words
you need to say
♪ Let's find a place
that we can play
♪ In every field
we're left behind
♪ Together we are
three of a kind
(TRUMPETS)
♪ You know the words
you need to say
♪ Let's find a place
that we can play
♪ In every field
we're left behind
♪ Together we are
three of a kind ♪
(LAUGHTER)
So! Who says
we go back to our tree?
Yeah!
Let's go!
(LAUGHING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Uh-huh. Uh-huh!
CHAMA:
Home sweet home!
(THUDS)
(SHRIEKS)
(EXCLAIMS)
No, no. I say we sleep here,
and groom over there.
Yeah, it has
a nice flow to it.
You three! Why are you
not with your herds?
We just don't belong there.
It's not us, it's them.
Oh, that's so sad.
Sad it may be.
But you three
cannot stay here.
Makini must
learn to paint.
It is part of her role
in the Circle of Life!
Oh. I guess it is.
I never really thought about
it that way before.
I mean, I've thought
about it, but I haven't
thought about it.
Now, go.
There are many good trees
in the Pride Lands!
Make your own home.
Just not here.
Well, uh,
if you say so Rafiki.
Maybe he is not
such a fun guy after all.
Bye, Rafiki, Makini.
See you around
the Pride Lands.
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(GASPS) What was that?
Everyone! Get away
from the water!
There's a lightning storm!
Lightning storm? No...
There isn't any rain!
That's because
it's dry lightning!
There isn't any rain!
We've gotta get
you outta here!
Follow me!
(THUNDER CRASHES)
HIPPO 1: Fire!
HIPPO 2: Oh, no!
We need a way out.
ONO: Over here.
Go!
(GASPS)
HIPPO: We're trapped!
Zito, can you
spray us a path out?
(TRUMPETS)
There's not enough water.
(THUNDER CRASHING
IN THE DISTANCE)
MAKINI: So,
what do you think?
Ah! I think...
(SNIFFS)
Hmm.
Oh. Uh, do we need
to smell the painting too?
Not the painting,
Makini. Smoke!
Smoke?
(FIRE CRACKLING)
Fire!
(GASPS) Oh, no!
Rafiki, we're trapped!
What do we do?
Hapana!
Rafiki's tree! It's on fire!
Heyvi kabisa!
Are Rafiki and Makini okay?
ONO: I can't see!
There's too much smoke!
We need that rock, Beshte!
We've gotta get everyone
outta here and go help Rafiki!
MAKINI: Help! Help!
This is not good!
Someone's coming!
RAFIKI:
Is it the Lion Guard?
No!
Hang on, you two!
We're coming to save you.
And that is no joke.
(TRUMPETS)
FURAHA: This would be fun
if there was not a fire.
Want a ride?
No! My bakora!
You will find another staff.
But another you?
That cannot be found!
Chama. Mzaha. Furaha.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you so much.
How did you know
we were in trouble?
I got big ears.
They hear things.
Come on, Chama!
We have to save Rafiki's tree!
You got it, pals!
It is his home
after all!
Twende kiboko!
(GRUNTS)
Now over here, quick!
This way! Move along!
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Lion Guard!
Get everyone behind me!
Get back!
(ROARS)
(HIPPOS CHEERING)
Thank you.
You saved us.
Until we know
the lightning's over,
stay away from water.
Lion Guard. We have
to save Rafiki's tree!
KION: Rafiki, Makini!
Are you okay?
Fine.
We are fine.
Chama, Furaha
and Mzaha saved us!
The three Bungas?
Look. She's right!
Looks like they
could use some help.
Right. Come on.
(GRUNTS)
We've almost got it!
Allow me.
(TRUMPETS LOUDLY)
(ALL CHEERING)
Great job, everyone!
My tree.
It is saved!
(LAUGHS)
Thank you, Lion Guard.
And you three.
There are no words.
Hey, no problem, Rafiki.
We're just glad you
and your tree are safe.
Yes. My tree.
You three.
If my tree feels
like home to you,
then you should stay.
But perhaps you could
be a little quieter?
Hey, what an offer, Rafiki.
And thank you.
We do think you're a fun guy.
That's why
we originally wanted
to live near your tree.
But then we found a nice tree
over by Big Springs.
We can be as loud as we want.
It feels like home.
Yep. It's perfect
for our family.
Your family?
Maybe the reason
why we don't fit in
with our own herds
is 'cause we already
have a family.
ALL: Each other!
Chama cha Mzaha
na Furaha! Umph!
(LAUGHTER)
Makes sense to me.
It's beautiful.
Well, then at least be
my guest at tonight's ceremony
for the Royal Family.
Yeah!
We would love to!
Thanks!
The ceremony!
I hope I'm ready!
As do I, young one.
SIMBA: As you all know,
it is the duty
of every Royal Mjuzi
to keep the history
of the Pride Lands alive.
Today Makini will take
yet another step in that role.
Rafiki.
Ready?
I think so.
(SIGHS)
(WHISPERING NOISES)
Shwari!
I did it, Rafiki!
ALL: Whoa!
Yes, you did, Makini.
Yes, you did.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪